 Sent: Sat Aug 05, 2017 10:23 am
by Lantera
Like I said before, we're really easy-going when it comes to welcoming contributions to our game... however big or small they may be. From what I understand, toolkitxx has made some good adjustments to the UI, and I know Kevin well enough to know that he wouldn't turn down a good contribution because of his pride. There must've been a serious underlying issue for him to not accept toolkitxx's help.

For example, the city start has been completely scrapped in the f95 version, which is the sole reason we're allowed to have a board on TFGamesSite. That change would absolutely never ever be able to make it to our version of the game... transformation is a part of it, and we're on a gaming board about transformation games. 1+1=2.
We also have big plans for improving that start.
Another 'solution' I've seen on the f95 boards recently: scrapping the cheat menu. Also completely unacceptable by our standards.

From what I can tell and guess, I can only think that toolkitxx is not enough of a team player to fit in our team. Making such drastic changes would take discussion... discussion he was probably not interested in having.

Thank you for showing an interest in our game, and I wish you all the best.

-L
Re: Hello

Sent: Sat Aug 05, 2017 10:15 am
by QuackerRoute
Im not trying to create anything, all im asking is test out toolkit's mod, thats it im not one to break up a team, as i know how it feels when that happens. anyway i wish you the best that. fair well.
Re: Hello

Sent: Sat Aug 05, 2017 10:11 am
by Lantera
Hiya,

I don't know exactly why Kevin feels this way, whatever conversations he's been having with toolkitxx and others from the f95 place have been kept private from his end (as they should be). However, I trust his judgement.

I was personally quite surprised to learn that someone would split off and create a separate mod for our game at all. We've always been very open and supportive towards our community to come up with initiatives to make our game better. If toolkitxx wanted to make our game better, no questions asked, he would've had the opportunity to. Many creative people have gone before him and have contributed, and many more will. Since his suggestion to work together has been declined, I have no other reason than to believe that his requests/demands were unreasonable in one way or another. Perhaps he wanted to change mechanics, perhaps he insisted on doing things in a certain way in exchange for his efforts... I have no idea. Again, I have no details of the PM exchange that took place... but I fully trust Kevin to do what's right for the game. Believe me: if what toolkitxx suggested would've been right for our game, it would have been in our game.

I don't know what you're trying to accomplish with this PM... but if it is to try and create a rupture in our dev team, it's not happening.
Hello

Sent: Sat Aug 05, 2017 9:32 am
by QuackerRoute
Hi Do you know why kevin, had said straight he didnt want to work with the f95 communitys quality of life mod team it is because... that user had already reached out to kevin about half way through june and kevin basically told him, you are toxic.... so in return the user has so far made a great mod...

So please think about who is leading your project, your sincerly an concerned user.

https://tfgamessite.com/phpbb3/viewtopi ... al#p391074